508 Compliance Checklist pertaining to WCAG 2.0 requiremnts

Section A: General Visual Checks
A1 - Is the site free from content that flashes more than 3 times per second? Yes

A2 - Can all text be resized up to 200% without degrading quality/understandability? No

A3 - Is there more than one way to locate a web page? (Site Search, Site Map, etc.) Yes

A4 - Is the order of navigational elements consistent across the site? Yes

A5 - Can auto updating, moving, blinking, and scrolling content be paused or adjusted? Yes

A6 - Are all site controlled documents (PDF, Word, etc) fully accessible or have a conforming alternate version exit disclaimer icon? Yes

A7 - If there are any time limits on interacting with content, can they be turned off, adjusted, or extended? Yes

A8 - Are operational instructions that rely on sensory characteristics avoided? (Ex. Click the square, blue button to continue) Yes

A9 - Is the site free from pages that re-direct after a timeout? No

A10 - Are elements with the same functionality consistently identified across pages? Yes

A11 - Do headings accurately describe the content they visually define? Yes

Score: 9/11

Section B: General Code Inspection
B1 - Is the default language of the page set? No

B2 - Has the language been properly set for foreign words or phrases? No
 
B3 - Is the page free from major errors defined in W3 Failure #70 exit disclaimer icon when run against an HTML validator exit disclaimer icon? No

B4 - Are duplicate ID values on the same page avoided? Yes

B5 - With styles disabled, is the reading order of the content logical? Yes

B6 - Do all frames have a title attribute that accurately defines the content? Yes
 
B7 - Does the page have a title attribute that accurately defines the content? Yes

B8 - Does content intended to be accessible by assistive technology refrain from using display:none or aria-hidden=true? Yes

B9 - If ARIA is present, does the ARIA coding both meet ARIA specifications and give an accurate representation of the content? Yes

B10 - Are Fieldset tags only used for form fields? (Not to make a box around a piece of content)? Yes

Score: 7/10

Section C: Keyboard Navigation
C1 - Are all elements that can be operated by a mouse also able to be operated by keyboard? No

C2 - When tabbing through the page, do all elements have a clear visual indication that they have focus? Yes

C3 - When tabbing the page, are keyboard traps avoided? No

C4 - Is the tab order of the page logical? Yes

C5 - When tabbing through the page, are changes of context exit disclaimer icon avoided when an element receives focus? Yes

C6 - Is there a method to bypass blocks of repetitive content (such as navigation)? Yes

Score: 4/6

Section D: Sites containing Color
D1 - Is information conveyed by methods other than color alone? Yes

D2 - Does all text (with the exception of logos) have a contrast ratio of 4.5:1 or greater no matter the font size? Yes

Score: 2/2

Section E: Sites containing Links
Not applicable
 
Section F: Sites containing Images
Not applicable

Section G: Sites containing Audio/Video
Not applicable

Section H: Sites containing Tables
Not applicable

Section i: Sites containing semantic structure
i1 - Are all visual bulleted and numbered lists correctly coded with HTML list tags? Yes

i2 - Are visual headings correctly coded with HTML heading tags? (<h1>, <h2>, etc) Yes

i3 - Do heading tags follow a logical hierarchical progression? Yes

i4 - Are heading tags only used on text that defines a section of content? Yes

i5 - Is emphasized or special text correctly coded with HTML heading tags? (<em>, <strong>, <sup>, etc) Yes

Score: 5/5

Section J: Sites containing Forms
J1 - Are all form fields correctly coded with descriptive and accurate labels? Yes

J2 - Do grouped form fields have correctly coded fieldset and legend tags? Yes

J3 - Are form validation errors clear and accurately identified in text? Yes

J4 - Is the form free of making a selection when attempting to navigate the options? (only submits when user makes a selection) No

J5 - Are Orphan label tags avoided? No

Score: 3/5

Section K: Sites containing common elements / dynamic content

K1 - Is the role of an element (eg Button) properly defined , accurate, and communicated to assistive technology? Yes

K2 - Is the state of an element (expanded or collapsed) properly defined , accurate, and communicated to assistive technology? Yes

K3 - Are modal dialogues exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Focus management, hiding underlying content, etc. Yes

K4 - Are carousels exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Ability to pause, navigate to individual items, etc. No

K5 - Are menus exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Ability to expand and navigate subitems No

K6 - Are expandable/collapsible accordian elements exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Ability to expand and navigate subitems No

K7 - Are Tabbed Interfaces exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Ability to tell active tab and navigate to appropriate content No

K8 - Are CAPTCHA interfaces exit disclaimer icon able to be used with keyboard alone and assistive technology? Ability to tell the clue and successfully enter and authenticate Yes

K9 - If a user selection creates an unexpected change on the page, was the change communicated to the user? No

Score: 4/9

Total: 34/48

Biggest takeaway: Not accessible entirely by keyboard
